Test edit 
https://github.com/

Adding SSH Keys
---------------
Main dashboard
Top r.hand corner, Profile Icon
Dropdown - Settings
SSH and GPG keys
Generate (cygwin)

Adding Repositories
-------------------
Main dashboard
Top r.hand corner, Profile Icon
Dropdown - Settings
Repositories
+ sign on top r.hand corner

Securing Repositories - LOOK AT THIS 
---------------------
Main dashboard
Top r.hand corner, Profile Icon
Dropdown - Settings
Repositories
Click on relevant Repository

- Code/Pull requests
- Issues
- Pull requests
- Projects (organise work/Issues)
- Wiki pages
- Insights (analysis of commits)
- SETTINGS (for this repo)
	Options (permissions - on/off)
		Rename
		Features - permit users to update Wiki for repo
		Restrict editing to contributors only
		Issues	- use Issue tracking
		Projects - use Project organiser
		
		Data Services
			WHAT IS THIS?

		Merge Button
			Allow Merge Commits	Add all commits from the head branch to the base branch with a merge commit.
			Allow squash merging	Combine all commits from the head branch into a single commit in the base branch.
			Allow rebase merging 	Add all commits from the head branch onto the base branch individually.
	
		Temporary interaction limits (24 hours)
			Limit to existing users
			Limit to prior contributors 
			Limit to repository collaborators 


		GitHub Pages
			Web site for ALL repos, one per account/organisation

		Danger Zone
			Private repo
			Transfer ownership
			Archive
			Delete

	Collaborators (add users)
		Add users here		<== add a dummy here


	Branches
		Set Default Branch for pull/merge requests (usually master)

		Protect Branches (Branch must have been created and pushed first)
			Protect this branch  				Disables force-pushes to this branch and prevents it from being deleted. 
			Require pull request reviews before merging  	all commits must be made to a non-protected branch and submitted via a pull request with at least one approved review and no changes requested before it can be merged into REL01
				Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed 
				Require review from Code Owners 
			Require status checks to pass before merging 
			Include administrators  			Enforce all configured restrictions for administrators. 	

	Webhooks
		Webhooks allow external services to be notified when certain events happen. 
		Needed to push notifications such a commit to something like Jenkins

	Integrations and services e.g. Jenkins 
		It will send a request to your Jenkins instance telling it about the  repositories and branches that changed. Jenkins will then poll the repository
 		and build if needed. 

	Deploy Key
		A deploy key is an SSH key that is stored on your server and grants access to a single GitHub repository. They are often used to clone repositories during deploys or continuous integration runs

		
